hello everyone welcome to Disney World
we are technically in Disney World right
now but we are in our cabin our
treehouse villas a lot of you last time
like dark hotel and wanted me to do a
review on and everything it was Saratoga
Springs it was just the regular
membership hotels and it was great and I
will do a review on this one after but
um this is pretty much what it looks
like if you can see it that's the
outside it's kind of bright and sunny
here right now so first of all I'm at
the door right now when you first walk
in and there is a cute little porch deck
thing with um a little table then when
you walk in there's a closet pretty big
closet a little safe lots of closet
space in the cedilha there is like like
ice in here a full kitchen and you got a
lot of food has a dishwasher full
coffeemaker fridge you know all the
stuff you'd need okay then in fact this
is the little living room that pulls out
into a single bed and then that pulls
out into a double bed and looks pretty
good and there is TV right there and
then a little family room table and just
you know table phone and chair the
master bedroom where my grandparents
will be sleeping TV desk a bed
queen-size bed no king-size beds but um
that's fine and then little dresser and
an alarm clock with an I home and this
is the windows are so pretty their
full-length windows and you just
can see outside pretty clear that's a
pretty good view the bus stop and then a
full-length mirror and another closet
like I said a lot of closet space and
then the master bath is pretty cool you
know probably going to be using my
grandmother's bathroom a lot since I
love bathtubs hey hi there she's doing
then this is the another bedroom that
fits two people top bunk bottom bunk it
is so nice TV there's a flat-screen TV
in every single room it's pretty nice
and that shelf through this window the
full window you can see the deck more
closet space more views of the bus stop
and then over here is laundry so for
those of you who like to do laundry when
you're traveling totally and off
someplace to stay because it comes with
like detergent and all that stuff and
then a bathroom pretty nice I'm gonna
lie you know I like this tub not as much
as I like the master bedrooms tub but
it'll do you know the last but not least
this other girl oh that's a mirror I
thought it was a closet okay well I want
I will videotape later and I will
videotape the part okay